feat: Add testing documentation (#124)
digipolisantwerp/acpaas-ui_react: TESTING.md

It's not possible to add unique attributes to the ACPaaS UI components for the simple reason that the attribute won't be unique anymore when you use the component multiple times on the same page.

We solve this problem by adding unique attributes to the individual ACPaaS UI components at app level.

#### Example

The following example shows the ACPaaS UI Accordion with the unique `qa` data attribute `id-1234`.

```html
<Accordion qa="id-1234"/>
    <AccordionTab />
    <AccordionTab />
</Accordion>
```

Which will result in:

```html
<div class="m-accordion" data-qa="id-1234">
  ...
</div>
```

### Targeting nested elements

If you want to target a specific element within the component, use their CSS class in combination with the unique data attribute of the parent component.

#### Example

In the following example the accordion tab can be opened or closed by toggling the `<div>` tag with the CSS class `m-accordion__tab`, which is nested in the accordion with data attribute `data-qa="id-1234"`.
So the compiled code would look like this:

```html
<div class="m-accordion" data-qa="id-1234">
  <div ... class="m-accordion__tab">
  ...
</div>
```

> #### Overview

Reviewer: Sorry, missed this: this heading should be `###`

Author: Done.

# ACPaaS UI Testing Guide

> When developing, testing is a major part of the work.

Reviewer: Is it? 😏

We use [Jest](https://jestjs.io) in combination with [Enzyme](https://airbnb.io/enzyme) as our test suite.

> ## VSCode testing

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this section is as important as the next one. I would suggest to move this info to the bottom or to use no heading.

Author: Removed the heading.

To make life easier in Visual Studio Code for testing with Jest, we suggest that you install [this VS Code Jest extension](https://github.com/jest-community/vscode-jest).

## ACPaaS UI Test Automation Guide

When automating tests, one of the challenges is to keep the test resilient to code changes.
Using [data attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Howto/Use_data_attributes) can help you with that, by creating unique selectors for your tests.

### Using unique data attributes with ACPaaS UI

> It's not possible to add unique data attributes to the ACPaaS UI component library for the simple reason that the attribute won't be unique anymore when you use the component multiple times on the same page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's not possible to add unique attributes to the ACPaaS UI components for the simple reason that the attribute won't be unique anymore when you use the component multiple times on the same page.
```

> But in your app you can simply add a data attribute to each individual ACPaaS UI component so you can target the component that you want to test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We solve this problem by adding unique attributes to the individual ACPaaS UI components at app level.
```

#### Example

The following example shows the ACPaaS UI Accordion with the unique `qa` data attribute `id-1234`.

```html
<Accordion qa="id-1234"/>
    <AccordionTab />
    <AccordionTab />
</Accordion>
```

Which will result in:

```html
<div class="m-accordion" data-qa="id-1234">
  ...
</div>
```

> ### Branding classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Targeting nested elements
```

> Since you probably want to target a specific element or a subcomponent, selecting the parent component won't be enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to target a specific element within the component, use their CSS class in combination with the unique data attribute of the parent component.
```

> You can however target these elements and subcomponents based on their CSS classes in combination with the unique data attribute of the parent component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

#### Example

> In this example the accordiontab can be opened or closed by toggling the `<div>` tag with the CSS class `m-accordion__tab`, which is nested in the accordion with data attribute `data-qa="id-1234"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example the accordion tab can be opened or closed by toggling the `<div>` tag with the CSS class `m-accordion__tab`, which is nested in the accordion with data attribute `data-qa="id-1234"`.
```

```html
<div class="m-accordion" data-qa="id-1234">
  <div ... class="m-accordion__tab">
  ...
</div>

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe it's useful to mention that this is compiled code.

Author: Done.
